yo what's up guys it's during here
bringing you another video and we're
doing a little bit more Road to a
trickshot and this Lobby hasn't been
doing so well I really think this game
is about to end so we are gonna try
really fast possibly hit something
I was several I can yeah all that had
potential oh come on let's try maybe
y'all get one that no he's coming in hot
that 29 I'm not gonna do it yes I am
maybe not
it might be trickshotting oh he was
right there that would have been really
weird oh my god I just blew excuse me
guy oh I don't know I don't know what my
gun just did but that was a really cool
that would be terrible
looks like it let's gonna be again
shooting into Narnia
okay good money
sweet Xbox player kicked did I just get
kicked for suiciding did I actually just
get kicked for suiciding does that
happen now do people get kicked that is
the stupidest oh my goodness
great spawns man responds if people are
getting kicked from games for suiciding
that just goes to show how many people
complain about trick shutters and you
know those people who complain are like
this guy right here
savage gamer trying his butt off and
free-for-all rank up is KD call of duty
is about spinning in the air and getting
lucky all right guys so I'm about to
show you a kill cam I hit the other day
and I was pretty excited when I hit it
it was like my first decent kill cam and
pre-parole and so yeah be sure to leave
a like on the video have a great Sunday
go Hawks
oh yes yes let's go baby let's go I hit
that I actually hit that after he hit
markered me oh my god let's go baby yes